and now the third part of
our magazine in a registry all to
different is maybe it's close
of the second millennium that is involved
the aliens are making
appearances more and more frequent the
less on our movie screens see the
successful independence day or
television or even x prize for some
the media and governments would
aware of a global conspiracy to
to hide the reality of the existence of
aliens on our planet
the phenomenon studied with a lot of
seriously by some others are
persuaded to have been victims
kidnapping by beings from
space look at the mining school at
bastion bastion of science and
rationalism yet here too we
is interested in non flying objects
identified
UFOs
lagrange stone and sociologist its object
of study the appearances of extra
and those who are passionate about
ufologists its meaning the exploration
internet and its thousands of sites
dedicated to UFOs for the sociologist
it all started in the late 40s
at first the flying saucers
fly over the American territory
then the other other countries and after the
UFOs will be produced on the island begin
to land in the mid- 50s he
begins to let
passengers and in the early 60s
we start seeing stories
of singing removal that would have been
dragged aboard the souks or by
extraterrestrial pilots to undergo
more or less medical exams and all
united states and therefore go there
big mc roswell and kidnappings and
there are a lot of kidnapping stories
in France there are groups like this
by jimmy guieu doc ​​who is interested
a lot to those stories then said
better take on stage more only
the American stories that happened
installed in the united states supported
vada and the new mexico but he has
detected their presence in France
the enemy of extraterrestrials childhood
it's him jimmy god today he's leaving
in investigation
he will collect the words of a witness
in provence jimmy god is writer of
science fiction in 40 years of career there
wrote more than 100 novels sold to more
of 2 million copies and since 10
years he collects testimonials
his next book land of civilization
hen when a whole program
it's about years and
alien censorship
government
when I say that I know tauriel this
year that of the earth and in
particular on the ch a seat this is the
human bullshit
we have to talk about it because it's up to
base of censorship all media without
exception were trapped and his
become accomplices
these chromatic masses knows that a good
part of the media is that they are
accomplices a planetary lust and
that the day he will have to
I do not say settle accounts it's
premature
but the day he'll have to
awareness of responsibilities
pagesjaunes in my skin than in the
their
aix en provence and ask and clairvoyant
daniel heather notes it is she that
jimmy god comes to see today there is
25 years in the doubs he has arrived
something extraordinary she
was with three coworkers in
car when suddenly we get married
they planted
something that is three colors
different
it's as if three forms of light
turn differently and
I say good I looked chief ago
something in the meadow is for me
the car stopped
I had my hand on the handle as if
I was as if we were going to defend
as if for me he made me understand
the time is peanut
it was 6 am November we had
everyone asks
night we went from day to night without
realize
he stayed three and a half hours in
magic without knowing what happened
at first I'm going to music
ranks of the supplement to contract the
rest it's my problem
we send the music and then the rest
walk it be teggour of heavy
the other and there I slept deeply
you listen to the sound of my voice you do not
think hypnosis that will be practiced
on a world must allow him to
know the truth as the plan according to
jimmy god the victims of kidnappings
were conditioned by the
extraterrestrials to forget about
experiences they have been subjected to
hypnosis is the only way to do
skip the locks and remember
you are all four we come to
on top of us happen so let's put a
platform to say that this is when
there what's going on what do you see what you
see who see how it looks like
knows fish are not
fish their face and as the name of
many mistaken for blue eyes either
a sign of the hand
fish like that well
so you arrive in a room in this
moment yes we agree you
undress and after
I get undressed and then they put me
something on the belly a species
since yesterday all of a kind of steel
but then massaged fear I'm scared
it's a needle in the center one and he
who won very clean for sale
hands we had asked the man question
is called axor and I'm 25 years old at the end
of a difficult pregnancy and asks
gave birth to a girl who lives
today in switzerland
she cut ties with her mother for
jimmy god this story is nothing
extraordinary
and nothing but the united states in the
decade where the past two decades
it is estimated that there is probably a
tens of millions of cases tens of
millions of abduction cases
dabio ction as they say there and everything
this is known to authorities from all over
planet without exception no
without exception, we are deceived
for 50 years
in the world of urologists jimmy god
is at the margin
in his speech is extreme defends him
references that are quite extreme
for once, because it's still
very clearly the concept years of
conspiracy found in the circles
far right
and if it were true then it would actually
when we see all the money that is
spent that was spent by NASA
for programs it's stillu cissé
can meet kind of moron
the space frankly I have not if we go
take a big step in my story
believe in extraterrestrials can not
to be not as innocent as one could
think it
ufologists are not all soft
dreamers